pivotal/acc-content#32 - Add a fragment capable to add a AppSSO/OIDC authorization flow integration to a SpringBoot-based accelerator. (#7)
sample-accelerators/fragments: spring-boot-app-sso-auth-code-flow/README.md

# Spring Boot AppSSO Authorization Code Flow Fragment

> A Fragment that include AppSSO OIDC Authorization Code Flow into your Spring Boot based Accelerator. This enables a Spring Boot application to support authentication delegated to an AppSSO AuthServer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Fragment that includes AppSSO OIDC Authorization Code Flow into your Spring Boot based Accelerator. This enables a Spring Boot application to support authentication delegated to an AppSSO AuthServer.
```

Author: Done

It adds Spring Security OAuth 2.0 and Thymeleaf dependencies on your `pom.xml` or `build.gradle.kts`.
It includes `WebSecurityConfiguration` class that configures Spring Security to use OAuth 2.0.

> Include an additional Spring MVC Endpoint at `/protected/profile` to trigger the authorization flow and, when succesful, show the logged-in subject.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It includes an additional Spring MVC Endpoint at `/protected/profile` to trigger the authorization flow and, when succesful, show the logged-in subject.
```

Author: Done

> This fragment can be used together with `app-sso-client` which configures the Tanzu Application Platform workload.yaml to bind the ClientRegistration claim. This way Spring Boot is able to find the OAuth 2.0 Client Registration configuration at run-time.

It will include a `application-local.yaml` which can be used for local development: fill in the AppSSO registered client credentials, which you can find with:

```bash
NS=<your-developer-namespace>
SECRET=<your-client-registration>
CLIENT_ID=$(kubectl get secret $SECRET -n $NS -o jsonpath="{.data.client-id}" | base64 -d)
CLIENT_SECRET=$(kubectl get secret $SECRET -n $NS -o jsonpath="{.data.client-secret}" | base64 -d)
ISSUER_URI=$(kubectl get secret $SECRET -n $NS -o jsonpath="{.data.issuer-uri}" | base64 -d)

echo "CLIENT_ID: $CLIENT_ID"
echo "CLIENT_SECRET: $CLIENT_SECRET"
echo "ISSUER_URI: $ISSUER_URI"
curl -XPOST "$ISSUER_URI/oauth2/token?grant_type=client_credentials&scope=openid" -u "$CLIENT_ID:$CLIENT_SECRET"
```

> If you start a generated application locally please be sure that `local` profile is active. 

## Using the fragment

> This fragment requires one parameter `packageName` which defines root package of an application to be generated. If your accelerator doesn't have this option you can include it by importing this fragment in your `accelerator.yaml`:

Reviewer: This sentence can be misunderstood as "if you already have this option, you don't need to import this fragment", which is false.

Author: Done
